Repo sync for protected CLA branch (#8998)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/business-premium/m365bp-review-threats-take-action.md

| Run quick scan | Starts a quick antivirus scan on the device, focusing on common locations where malware might be registered, such as registry keys and known Windows startup folders. |
| Run full scan | Starts a full antivirus scan on the device, focusing on common locations where malware might be registered, and including every file and folder on the device. Results are sent to [Microsoft Endpoint Manager](/mem/intune/fundamentals/tutorial-walkthrough-endpoint-manager). |
| Update antivirus | Requires the device to get [security intelligence updates](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2149926) for antivirus and antimalware protection. |
| Restart device | Forces a Windows device to restart within five minutes.<br><br>**IMPORTANT:** The device owner or user isn't automatically notified of the restart and could lose unsaved work. |

## View and manage threat detections in the Microsoft 365 Defender portal

1. Go to the ([Microsoft 365 Defender portal](https://security.microsoft.com)) and sign in.

1. In the navigation pane, choose **Threat Analytics** to see all the current threats. They are categorized by threat severity and type.

> 1. Click on a threat to see more details about the threat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a threat to see more details about the threat.
```

1. In the table, you can filter the alerts according to a number of criteria.

## Manage threat detections in Microsoft InTune

> You can use Microsoft Endpoint Manager to manage threat detections as well. First, all devices whether Windows, iOS or Android, must be [enrolled in Intune](/mem/intune/enrollment/windows-enrollment-methods) (part of Microsoft Endpoint Manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Microsoft Endpoint Manager to manage threat detections as well. First, all devices whether Windows, iOS, or Android, must be [enrolled in Intune](/mem/intune/enrollment/windows-enrollment-methods) (part of Microsoft Endpoint Manager).
```
